ERR. PARTY IS OVER.
AND I THINK THAT
IT'S TIME YOUR
MONSTER SPLITS.
HYAH!
[GROWLING]
[GASPS]
[ROARING]
[SCREAMING]
[GROANING]
I LOST.
Syrus: JADEN.
HUH?
WHAT GIVES?
[GROANING]
HELP US, JADEN.
SY. I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
AAH! AAH!
AAH! AAH! AAH! OHH!
GUYS. I'M SORRY--I'M--.
Syrus: JADEN?
JADEN, WAKE UP.
OHH!
SY?
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YOU WERE MOANING
IN YOUR SLEEP.
IS EVERYTHING COOL?
I DON'T KNOW, SY,
I DON'T KNOW.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Syrus: COME ON, JADEN.
I KNOW WHAT'LL
CHEER YOU UP,
A NICE DIP IN THE ACADEMY
WADING POOL.
HOW ABOUT IT?
YEAH, WHY NOT...
HA HA HA! YAAH!
OH, YEAH.
THIS IS THE LIFE,
HUH, GUYS?
I MEAN, COULD IT GET
ANY BETTER THAN THIS?
SURE IT COULD, SYRUS,
LIKE IF YOU HADN'T
JUMPED IN
WITH YOUR TOWEL?
AW, AND IT WAS
DRYER FRESH.
Chumley: COME ON, JADEN,
THE WATER IS REALLY
WARM OVER BY SYRUS.
ACTUALLY, THAT'S
WHY I'M CHILLIN'
OVER HERE.
SO, JAY, YOU OVER
THAT NIGHTMARE YET?
HMM.
HUH?
WHAT? LOOK, I ASK
CUZ I CARE.
SORRY, JAY.
YEAH. HMM.
HEY. JAY.
WAY TO GO.
OHH.
HEY, GUYS,
LOOK WHAT I FOUND.
MY TOWEL.
YOURS? NO, YOURS
WAS DRYER FRESH.
THIS ONE IS A WET MESS.
YOU'LL BE MESSING
WITH ME
IF YA DON'T GIVE IT.
WADE UP.
AAH! UNH!
TAKE A CHILL PILL,
SHORT STACK.
HEY, WHAT'S NEW,
CHAZZAROO?
THAT'S CUTE.
WHY, THANK YOU.
THOUGHT OF IT
ALL BY MYSELF.
SO YOU HERE
TO HANG OUT?
WITH YOU?
HA, THAT'S A GOOD LAUGH,
SLACKER.
AND THAT'S
AN EVEN BETTER ONE.
YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT.
OHH! I DON'T THINK SO--
CUZ THAT WAS PRICELESS.
I'M GONNA CHAZZ YOU UP.
UH, WANNA TOWEL?
NAH, I KINDA WANNA
JUST LET THEM GET TIRED
BEFORE THE CHUMSTER
COMES IN
WITH A GAME
OF TACKLE MARCO POLO.
HA HA!
[THINKING]
HMM. WITH WHAT'S BEEN
GOIN' ON LATELY,
IT'S NO WONDER I HAD
THAT BAD DREAM.
AAH. AAH.
HA HA HA!
AFTER ALL DUELIN' USED
TO JUST BE ABOUT HAVIN' FUN.
[THINKING]
BUT NOW IT'S JUST
ABOUT WINNING.
CUZ IF I LOSE, I'LL BE LOSING
A LOT MORE THAN JUST A GAME.
[KURIBOH CHIRPS]
WINGED KURIBOH?
[CHIRPS]
HMM. OH.
JADEN? HUH?
HEY, WHERE'D HE GO?
HUH? DES KOALA?
CHUMLEY? HEY.
THERE SHOULD BE A KIDDIE POOL
FOR THOSE SLACKERS.
OR BETTER YET JUST WET
'EM DOWN WITH A HOSE.
YEAH, I'M WITH YA
THERE, BOSS.
YOU'RE NOT WITH ME.
YOU GOT THAT?
NOW JUST GO ON. GET.
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
I'VE GOTTA GET TO
THE SPIRIT FESTIVAL ANYHOW.
SPIRIT FESTIVAL?
HUH? KURIBOH? HUH? OH.
OHH!
AAH!
HEY.
WHAT THE?
WHO THE?
HUH? AAH!
AAH!
WHAT'S UP?
MY NAME IS JADEN.
SORRY TO DROP IN.
OR OUT, OR WHATEVER.
INCOMING...AAH!
OHH!
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
HUH? HOW ARE WE BACK
IN OUR CLOTHES?
MY GLASSES.
I CAN'T SEE
WITHOUT MY GLASSES.
OH, THANKS, CHUMLEY.
WE'RE IN SOME KIND
OF SPIRIT WORLD.
WAIT A SEC, CHUMLEY?
AAH! DES KOALA?
THIS IS WEIRD
IT'S LIKE A BUNCH'VE
DUEL MONSTERS CARDS
HAVE COME ALIVE.
IT'S COOL, HUH?
TRY BIZARRE.
Man: WHO ARE YOU
CALLING BIZARRE?
OHH!
IT'S KAIBAMAN.
Jaden: KAIBAMAN?
AS IN THE DUEL MONSTERS
CARD?
WAIT, SO ARE YOU THE ONE
THAT BROUGHT US ALL HERE?
THE ONE THAT'S IN CHARGE
OF THIS PLACE?
HEY, WAIT OR IS THIS ALL
SOME SHADOW RIDER SCHEME?
YOU ASK A LOT
OF QUESTIONS
BUT I'M AFRAID YOU
WON'T GET ANY ANSWERS
UNLESS YOU TAKE ME ON
IN A DUEL NOW.
FROM THE LOOKS OF YOU,
I'D SAY THAT YOU ACCEPT
MY CHALLENGE.
BUT FROM WHAT I SENSE,
I'M NOT SO SURE.
I SENSE FEAR.
ERR!
YES, DEEP FEAR.
THAT YOU'LL LOSE
AND YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
WILL PAY MOST DEARLY.
WHAT'S THIS GUY
TALKING ABOUT,
JADEN?
THIS IS ABOUT YOUR
DREAM, ISN'T IT, JADEN?
LOOK, IF YOU'RE ALL
SCARED, I'LL DUEL HIM.
NO? NOT BACKING DOWN?
WELL...THEN YOU CAN
LOOK FORWARD
TO FACING THIS CARD.
THE BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON?
THAT'S ONE POWERFUL BEAST.
YOU KNOW,
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
I'LL SIT THIS ONE OUT.
AW, MAN.
CAN WE GO BACK
TO THE POOL NOW?
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU'VE
JUST SEEN A GHOST, JADEN.
TRY A NIGHTMARE.
BUT STILL.
I WON'T RUN.
NOW, KAIBAMAN.
LET'S GIVE ALL THESE
MONSTERS A SHOW.
LET'S DUEL.
WELL,
ALL RIGHT THEN.
HERE GOES.
FIRST I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO BUBBLEMAN
IN ATTACK MODE.
OH, AND IF BUBBLEMAN
IS SUMMONED OUT
BY HIMSELF?
WELL, THEN, I GET TO
DRAW TWO MORE CARDS
OUT OF MY DECK.
PRETTY SWEET, HUH?
'SPECIALLY SINCE ONE
OF THE CARDS I DREW
WAS THE EQUIP SPELL
BUBBLE BLASTER.
LISHUS. THAT GIVES
BUBBLEMAN 800 MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
AND I'LL CALL IT
A TURN.
Chazz thinking: RUMOR IS
THAT KAIBAMAN CARD WAS
CREATED BY KAIBA HIMSELF.
THIS COULD BE TOUGH.
[THINKING]
TALK ABOUT DREAMS
COMIN' TRUE.
JUST LAST NIGHT I
DREAMT ABOUT
A BLUE EYES
AND HE'S GOT ONE.
I JUST HOPE THIS
DOESN'T END
THE SAME WAY
THE NIGHTMARE DID
WITH MY FRIENDS
IN DEEP TROUBLE
CUZ I FAILED.
HELP US, JADEN.
I HAVE TO WIN.
WISHING YOU COULD
BACK OUT NOW?
TOO LATE. MY MOVE.
I SUMMON FORTH MYSELF:
KAIBAMAN.
WHOA, I'M SEEING DOUBLE.
AND TROUBLE.
AND NOW I'LL SACRIFICE
HIM TO BRING OUT
THE ONE AND THE ONLY.
NOT HIM.
YOU BETTER BELIEVE
IT'S HIM.
I SUMMON THE LEGENDARY
BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON.
FEAST YOUR EYES
ON THE BEAST
THAT WILL FEAST
UPON YOUR SOULS.
[ROARING]
ON OUR SOULS?
THIS COULD BE
A VERY SHORT DUEL.
[ROARS]
3000 ATTACK POINTS?
YES, AND NOW WATCH
THEM ALL IN ACTION.
BLUE EYES,
DESTROY BUBBLEMAN.
WHITE LIGHTNING.
HOLD IT, KAIBAMAN.
SINCE THAT
BUBBLE BLASTER
IS OUT
IT TAKES THE HIT
FOR BUBBLEMAN.
SO JADEN DOESN'T
TAKE ANY DAMAGE.
YEAH, BUT NOW THAT
THE EQUIP SPELL IS GONE,
BUBBLEMAN'S
POINT BONUS IS, TOO.
WHICH ISN'T GOOD
WHEN YOU'RE FACING DOWN
A BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON.
ALL RIGHT.
MY TURN.
AND I'M GONNA BE
TURNIN' TWO MONSTERS
INTO ONE.
I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION TO
FUSE BUBBLEMAN
AND CLAYMAN TO
CREATE MUDBALLMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
TAKE THAT.
NO, I'LL TAKE THIS.
THE SPELL CARD
POT OF GREED.
IT LETS ME DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK.
BUT I WILL ONLY
NEED ONE,
THE SPELL BURST STREAM
OF DESTRUCTION.
ISN'T THAT AN ATTACK
THAT THE BLUE-EYES USES?
YEAH, WHAT'S THE
DEAL WITH IT BEING
A SEPARATE CARD?
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT.
YOU SEE, I CAN ONLY USE
THIS WHEN BLUE EYES IS OUT.
BUT SINCE HE IS I CAN
NOW PLAY IT TO DESTROY
ALL YOUR MONSTERS.
WHAT?
GO.
OBLITERATE MUDBALLMAN
WITH BURST STREAM
OF DESTRUCTION.
[GROANING]
AAH! AAH!
NO.
AW, MAN, NOW JAY
IS ALL EXPOSED
AND WHEN BLUE-EYES ATTACKS,
IT'LL BE ALL OVER.
READ THE FINE
PRINT--
BLUE EYES CAN'T
ATTACK ON THE TURN
THAT BURST STEAM
OF DESTRUCTION
IS USED.
IT WON'T MATTER.
I SUMMON MANJU
OF THE TEN THOUSAND HANDS.
AND NOW HE'LL
LEND ME A HAND.
SEE, WHEN HE'S SUMMONED
HE ALLOWS ME TO SELECT
A RITUAL MONSTER
OR SPELL CARD
FROM MY DECK AND PLACE
IT INTO MY HAND.
BUT IT WON'T STAY
IN MY HAND FOR LONG
BECAUSE I'M PLAYING IT.
GO WHITE DRAGON RITUAL.
NOW I'LL SACRIFICE MANJU
TO SUMMON PALADIN
OF WHITE DRAGON.
LIKE I SAID IT DOESN'T
MATTER BLUE EYES CAN'T
ATTACK THIS TURN.
YOU SEE WITH PALADIN
I DON'T NEED HIM TO.
HE'LL FILL IN
FOR BLUE EYES JUST FINE.
SURE, HE MAY NOT BE
A DRAGON,
BUT HE'S MANAGED
TO TAME ONE.
AND IN MY BOOK,
THAT'S TOUGH.
NOW, PALADIN
OF WHITE DRAGON, ATTACK.
IONIC SPEAR BURST.
[GROANING]
JADEN.
AND I'M NOT DONE YET.
BY SACRIFICING PALADIN,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM MY HAND OR DECK,
AND IT'S ONE YOU'VE
ALREADY MET--
CARE TO GUESS
WHICH, JADEN?
ACTUALLY, NO.
LET ME GIVE YOU
A HINT THEN.
IT HAS BLUE EYES,
WHITE SCALES--
THE BLUE EYES
WHITE DRAGON.
[ROARING]
ANOTHER?
THIS IS BAD.
DEALING WITH ONE
WAS HARD ENOUGH.
NOW JAY HAS
GOTTA FACE TWO?
LOOKS LIKE THE CARD
CREATED BY KAIBA
IS A CHIP
OFF THE OLD BLOCK.
JADEN JUST BETTER HOPE
THAT DECK OF HIS
ISN'T AN EXACT COPY
OR HE'S IN FOR IT.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
'BOUT TIME.
NOW...
FIRST I'LL PLAY
MONSTER REINCARNATION.
LISHUS--BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD FROM HIS HAND,
HE'LL GET A MONSTER BACK
FROM THE GRAVE.
ALL RIGHT, GOODBYE
ELEMENTAL HERO
NECROSHADE
AND HELLO CLAYMAN.
GOING TO TRY
AND HIDE BEHIND THAT
PUNY MONSTER AGAIN?
PATHETIC.
NO WAY, I DON'T HAVE
TO HIDE ANYMORE.
YA SEE EVEN THOUGH
I'M HAPPY TO HAVE
CLAYMAN BACK
ON MY FIELD
I'M EVEN HAPPIER
TO HAVE NECROSHADE
DOWN IN THE GRAVE.
'CUZ WHEN NECROSHADE
GOES TO THE GRAVEYARD
I CAN SUMMON
A HIGH-LEVEL MONSTER
WITHOUT HAVIN'
TO SACRIFICE.
AND THE MONSTER
I'M GONNA SUMMON IS
ELEMENTAL HERO
BLADEDGE.
BUT AS STRONG AS
ELEMENTAL HERO
BLADEDGE IS
HE'S STILL NO MATCH
FOR THOSE BLUE EYES
WHITE DRAGONS.
Jaden: DON'T BE
SO SURE.
NEXT I'LL PLAY
THE FIELD SPELL
SKYSCRAPER.
WITH THIS OUT IF
BLADEDGE TAKES ON
A STRONGER MONSTER
HE GAINS AN EXTRA
1000 ATTACK POINTS.
AND THAT'S JUST
ENOUGH TO EDGE OUT
BLUE EYES.
NOW GO. SLICE
AND DICE ATTACK.
[ROARS]
[GRUNTING]
WHOA, JADEN
ACTUALLY DID IT.
NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
AND TO THINK.
I WAS WORRIED
I'D LOSE.
WELL, NOT ANYMORE.
HMM. IS THAT SO?
FOR SURE.
I'M SO OVER MY FEAR.
THE TRICK IS TO
TAKE WHAT YOU'RE
SCARED OF
AND NOT LET IT
HAPPEN.
NOT LET IT HAPPEN?
ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
BY BEATING ONE BLUE EYES
YOU'VE WON THIS DUEL?
YOU'VE AVOIDED
THAT DEFEAT YOU FEAR?
I THINK NOT.
YOU'RE A LONG WAY
FROM WINNING THIS CONTEST.
AND BLUE EYES
IS A LONG WAY
FROM BEING BEAT.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
IT'S TRUE.
LIKE IT OR NOT,
YOUR FATE
AND THE FATE
OF YOUR FRIENDS
ALL STILL HANG
IN THE BALANCE.
YOU HAVE TO ACCEPT THAT.
AND FACE IT HEAD ON.
WHAT IS THIS?
THIS IS HOW
A TRUE DUELIST LIVES.
NOT AFRAID
OF THE THOUGHT
OF DEFEAT
BUT ALWAYS PREPARED
TO ACCEPT IT.
THIS IS THE NATURE
OF DUELING.
AND IT IS HIGH TIME
THAT YOU LEARN IT.
I PLAY SILENT DOOM--
WITH IT, I CAN
BRING BACK A BLUE-EYES
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
NEXT I'LL PLAY
POLYMERIZATION.
UH-OH.
IT'S THE SAME.
WHAT'S THE SAME?
KAIBAMAN'S DECK
IS EXACTLY
THE SAME DECK
AS SETO KAIBA'S.
WHICH MEANS...
WHICH MEANS I HAVE
ONE MORE BLUE EYES
AND I CAN
THEREFORE SUMMON
THE ALL POWERFUL BLUE-EYES
ULTIMATE DRAGON.
[GASPING]
[ROARING]
BEHOLD. THE MOST MIGHTY
AND DEVASTATING DRAGON
OF THEM ALL.
THE MONSTER
FROM MY DREAM.
IT CAN'T BE.
IT CAN BE AND IT IS.
AND IT GETS WORSE.
WITH 4500 ATTACK POINTS
STARING AT YOU?
THAT DEFEAT YOU DREAMT
WILL NOW BECOME A REALITY.
NOW GO.
BLUE-EYES
ULTIMATE DRAGON.
ATTACK WITH
NEUTRON BLAST.
GO TRAP CARD.
EDGE HAMMER.
NOW BY SACRIFICIN'
BLADEDGE,
I CAN DESTROY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS.
AND THEN YOU TAKE
DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
[ROARING]
YOU SAID I SHOULD
ACCEPT DEFEAT?
DON'T THINK SO.
ALL RIGHT.
WAY TO PLAY.
NO WAY.
HUH?
IF YOU WON'T
ACCEPT DEFEAT,
THEN I'LL FORCE IT
ON YOU.
DE-FUSION?
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT REVERTED
ULTIMATE DRAGON
BACK TO ITS
PRE-FUSION FORM.
SO SINCE EDGE HAMMER'S
TARGET WAS NO LONGER THERE,
IT SWUNG AND MISSED.
SOMETHING MY THREE BLUE EYES
WILL NOT BE DOING.
ATTACK WITH
WHITE LIGHTNING.
AAH! AAH!
HA HA HA!
JADEN.
WHAT GIVES?
[CHIRPING]
OHH! SYRUS?
CHUMLEY?
[LAUGHING]
DEFEAT IS NOTHING
TO BE SCARED OF, JADEN.
WHAT MATTERS IS
IF YOU CAN GET UP AFTER.
WAIT, ARE YOU
TELLING ME
THIS ENTIRE DUEL WAS
TO TEACH ME THAT?
TELL ME,
ARE YOU AFRAID NOW?
ACTUALLY NO,
I'M REALLY NOT.
AND DO YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE YOU'VE FACED IT.
YOU'VE LOST,
AND YOU'RE OK.
YEAH, I AM, HUH?
Syrus: JAY.
Chumley: JADEN.
AND SO ARE THEY.
SYRUS, CHUMLEY.
I THINK I'M FINALLY
OVER MY BAD DREAM.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, I'M OVER
THIS PLACE.
CAN WE PLEASE GET
OUT OF THIS WEIRD
SPIRIT CAVE?
IT'S LOW RENT.
UH, KAIBAMAN?
THINK YOU COULD
HELP US OUT HERE?
HUH?
WHERE'D HE GO?
IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR HELP
ASK YOUR FRIEND KURIBOH.
AFTER ALL, HE'S THE ONE
THAT BROUGHT YOU DOWN HERE.
GOODBYE, JADEN.
[KURIBOH CHIRPING]
REALLY, KURIBOH?
JUST CLOSE OUR EYES
AND WISH FOR IT?
OK.
I REALLY WANT
TO GO BACK HOME.
[YELLING]
HUH?
[MOANING]
Syrus: THIS IS
THE FIRST TIME
I'VE LEFT
THE WADING POOL
MORE WOUND UP
THAN WHEN I CAME IN.
I'M JUST GLAD WE'RE
BACK IN A WORLD
WHERE DES KOALA
AND WINGED KURIBOH
ARE JUST CARDS,
YA KNOW WHAT I MEAN,
GUYS?
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT I KNOW, KURIBOH--
WHO I OWE A BIG FAT
THANK YOU TO.
[CHIRPING]
YOU'RE THE BEST.
THANKS, PAL.
[CHIRPING]
BY THE WAY, SY, I STILL
HAVE YOUR TOWEL.
WHAT? GIVE IT.
SURE.
[SNAP]
OW. CUT IT OUT.